[docs] update awq doc (#36079)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/quantization/awq.md

```bash
pip install autoawq
```

> <Tip warning={true}>
> 
> Note autoawq has version requirements for transformers. You might need to reinstall transformers' version after installing autoawq.
> 
> </Tip>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> AutoAWQ downgrades Transformers to version 4.47.1. You may need to reinstall your Transformers' version after installing AutoAWQ.
```

</Tip>

## Intel CPU/GPU support

> Recent versions of `autoawq` supports Intel CPU/GPU with ipex op optimizations. To get started, first install the latest version of `autoawq` by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recent versions of autoawq supports Intel CPU/GPU with IPEX op optimizations. To get started, install the latest version of autoawq.
```

```bash

> pip install intel-extension-for-pytorch # for IPEXGPU pls refer to https://github.com/intel/intel-extension-for-pytorch 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install intel-extension-for-pytorch # for IPEX-GPU refer to https://intel.github.io/intel-extension-for-pytorch/xpu/2.5.10+xpu/ 
```

import torch
from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM, AutoTokenizer, AwqConfig

device = "cpu" # set to "xpu" for Intel GPU
quantization_config = AwqConfig(version="ipex")

model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained(
    "TheBloke/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v0.3-AWQ",
    quantization_config=quantization_config,
    device_map=device,
)

input_ids = torch.randint(0, 100, (1, 128), dtype=torch.long, device=device)
output = model(input_ids)
print(output.logits)

tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("TheBloke/TinyLlama-1.1B-Chat-v0.3-AWQ")
input_ids = tokenizer.encode("How to make a cake", return_tensors="pt").to(device)
pad_token_id = tokenizer.eos_token_id
output = model.generate(input_ids, do_sample=True, max_length=50, pad_token_id=pad_token_id)
print(tokenizer.decode(output[0], skip_special_tokens=True))
```

<Tip warning={true}>

> Note this feature is supported on Intel CPUs/GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is supported on Intel CPUs/GPUs.
```
